New user file interface (#2021)
ExtremeFLOW/neko: examples/README.md

# Prime tutorial examples
More documentation and more effort is spent to make sure these cases work.
Illustrates the general workflow and features of Neko.
- turb_channel, Collect statistics and analyze them for a low-Re turbulent
  channel flow
- cylinder, Collect statistics with one homogenous direction and compute the
  lift and drag around a cylinder at $Re_D=200$. The time series can also be
  used to compute the Strouhal number.
- TS_channel, Subcritical transition due to interaction between two
  low-amplitude TS-waves.
- programming, A collection of programming tutorials designed to teach the
  basics of Neko code necessary to write user files.

# Other examples
Examples that illustrate certain features and usages of Neko. May be less
documented and up to date.
- 2d_cylinder, Running Neko with a 2D mesh (creates a 1 element thick mesh)
- advecting_cone, Test case to check for dissipation and other numerical aspects

> - api, Demonstratins of usng Neko APIs for other programming languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- api, Demonstrations of using Neko APIs for other programming languages.
```

- euler_1d_sod, 1D Euler equation solution for the classical SOD problem.
- euler_2d_cylinder, 2D Euler equations solution for the cylinder in cross-flow.

> - euler_2d_forward_facing_step, 2D Euler equations soluton for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- euler_2d_forward_facing_step, 2D Euler equations solution for the
```
